all right oh my God there's a lot of
people here a lot of people here wait
holy SM oh God right all right we're
[Applause]
dead go War guys what the they
they oh that was yo you got him nice job
nice job he's
dead don't run over my face pick me up
look
at damn your body freaked out too I feel
so good okay
yourself yeah Delirious you really sound
like you're in 1945 bro you are balds
deep Enemy enemy in the enemy in the
treasures I I shot himy in the
treasures you stupid how are you doing
gentlemen don't you talk to me no rank I
am a Comm eny trees how's everybody
doing we have friends we have friends oh
what's
up stop sucking M tick get out there you
stupid you would want 100% take a job in
World War II Brian would be down bad in
the trenches in World War II taking all
kinds of [__] in his mouth it took you 2
minutes to [__] leave as well C it's
like fortnite all over again this is my
first time dude show me some [__] let's
see it oh welcome show is war brother I
want to see War I want to get the real
experience Slow Down slow down buddy my
friends you see that they're the special
troops you see um here they come along
now that one hasn't even finished high
school and that one right there he's got
more cremones than you and I and that
one over there he thinks he's a pig and
that one over there well he's
Asian you don't need a fully role play
for adol it could be any adol you don't
know ad ad do ad do you mean like ad doy
Premier Pro I love that software ad doy
Premier Pro amazing software I edited on
this video with it
NY of those American we just went to war
a couple of days ago and now we brought
the boys and and all hell is breaking
loose now that's that's the name of the
game called hell let loose so yeah look
there's another water man there's
another H2O guy right there where where
his name is water getting shot oh down
man down man down man down man
down here we go Hans is down hansan
Michael Hans is definitely down ran
Michael Hans oh no he loved the F more
than any
buer damn them in their McDonald's and
71s Dam ass get [__] on you piece of
[__] American [__] come here right
here look look at this guy shot him
right in the [__]
oh he's gone he's got a friend I just
killed him too these guys suck let's
go he was talking so much [__] garbage
can don't go over that wall whatever you
do don't go over that wall yeah that's a
kinky outfit you got there on your face
garbage can what are you
into and he's dead I told them don't go
over the wall I'm Coming For You garage
can oh never mind no get back hey Evan
oh [__] I'm coming I'm coming to save
you you a medic I don't
know hold on I'm shooting a dude I can
revive you don't
worry uh actually I can't revive you I'm
not a medic I'm sorry you should give up
now I want to see life fade from your
eyes as you hold there go on go
on I'm waiting not feeling from the
waist down no oh what is that I can feel
that oh it's true it's true you got a
boner before you die one final boner
what are you going to do with
it I'm dead why did I die listen we got
to get in there to get Behind Enemy
Lines we got to take out the president
president is in the front lines yeah
Donald Trump he's on the other side boys
the president is in this Forest guys
guys enemy tank enemy tank enemy tank
would you
on the tank way from this way I don't
want do you want to go out to the tank
yes yes we got to see it yes I want to
see it it's your lives guys it's your
lives I'm just here to see it die I'm an
influencer this war is about obtaining
content going be a sick [__] War Vlog
dude World War I is going to be like who
can get the most Instagram live
viewers there it is it's on the other
side of the bridge right there oh it
seems be having some problems guys epic
tank prank I'm going to go throw a
grenade at it oh yeah epic tank prank
tank prank tank prank tank
[Music]
prank he's just drowning oh what oh got
him
dead did that actually
work epic tank prank dominated that guy
literally just drove that tank into the
river di what are you
doing like what do you think are some of
the stupidest deaths in war that could
be one of them did you throw that you
had a grenade in your hand did you throw
that yeah what are you popping what are
you
popping why are you not talking I was
laughing I forgot to press my button and
laugh we laughing at the whole time as
well even more
sociopathic look he's just hand there's
his arm there's his legs BL that that
was our friend um oh you definitely need
to censor that just when I said why do
you think some of the stupidest deaths
in war is blows up delirious yeah but
it's going to be a sick Vlog clip though
yeah yeah dude added to our our war
prank
Vlog he's back looking for you oh [__]
oh [__] dude if he died from that oh you
do not know how much HP he had I ran so
far to find you you're all right you're
you missed Evan's epic prank dude we're
we're making a war Vlog be sick we're
going to be the first war vloggers oh
here comes Delirious
[Music]
now
dist yeah he was trying to conceal our
location I'm the only one that can heal
you got
me oh we're getting
shot oh man down man oh damn it I'm down
boys I'm down man down man down guys it
was a pleasure dying with you no
pleasure
I guess this really is the death of the
Vanos crew this is the end of the V like
and sub like And
subscribe
who oh wow it was a good thing I went
inside there say what's up to the war
Vlog you guys want to say what's up to
the war Vlog we're vlogging the war
we're vlogging the War uh we're asking
some really important questions about
the war hello would you like to answer
one this will be seen in 100 years would
you rather a thought daughter or a gay
son yeah that's a good question I don't
know uh gay son uh no just whatever you
prefer man thought daughter or gay son
just pick one
manay gay gay son all right come here we
got we got a question to ask you
what's oh [__] oh that's a lot of
censoring
K Sing Sing keep it nice and cam come by
Kum oh he's dead my Lord
Kum okay you guys want to spawn
somewhere I had a friendship with a man
and he blew up in front of
me that's War that's War you'll have
nightmares about that for years yep PTSD
they call it I could be deploying I'm
going it's dolphin's bar
spawn anywhere else anywhere else guys
all right we're going to be spawning uh
at the Garrison
South it's nice to spawn and not
instantly
explode you say that now but just give
it a few more seconds and then bang
we're dead America's behind us I'm I'm
not kidding coming over oh yeah yeah
yeah he [__] the mannequin go back to
McDonald's [__] boy our mustaches are
much better than yours you are fat we
are skinny you have vegetable oils we
have olive oil you are [__] we we
have
education listen okay listen PG13 V okay
jeez PG-13 were literally [__]
blowing men's limbs off their faces
blind hands do you like my ex of blind
American
Direction there over there over there to
the down medic
needed where bu the tree the tree please
someone revive our leader please someone
revives the few us he Camp man's a tree
right there he's one of them [__]
hippies Mr
H Brian H is one of them [__] three
hugging hippies on hold on Brian come
here Brian come here a quick a prank for
the Vlog don't do it welcome ja this is
World War II
fire oh my
go this war is lit this war is lit like
And subscribe for more Epic War
moments
we have the number one war vloggers in
all of Germany am good aim oh look there
go
SP I want to follow that guy I'm
following that guy let's go Mike oh
vehicle vehicle never mind other the way
let's go to the beach let's go to the
beach yeah yeah party BS Hy
yes I cannot wait to be in my speed with
you I don't want to die with I don't
want to die in this you're not going to
die don't talk like that explosions are
going close we're going to go back oh my
do this oh God be careful got a new
port and we are
dead where do we get in get on top get
on top oh get on top okay yeah this is
only a two seater is there a way to
change my camera no [__] you I don't
think so this is real
life you got to get on you can't get in
you got to get on top jump on
top you [__]
idiot
spine they can take our penises but they
won't take our freedom what the [__] you
lost you lost your know they take my
freedom than my penis didn't they take
your penis I took
mine do we get out do we fight
back
I
don't an ambush who drove us into
Oakland oh my God that was amazing it
was an
ambush you were punished two times why
who punished me you whse why I wonder
why I didn't kill you you did with the
with the TRU each time it was you and it
was like you want to punish him
yeah gosh this game is so artistic it's
great Anan turn
around I
love what so funny
[Laughter]
cockman what happed welome back it was
an
honor I remember that I remember that
why what you
remember look he's back he's back hey
welcome back welcome back can we all
just get
along
no look at this guy look oh you're awful
Brave to come over here hey we'll be
friendly we'll be friendly we'll be
friendly hey cockman we're chill we're
chill we're chill cockman we're chill
we're chill man we're chill we're chill
we're chill bro bro I don't want to
another the
punishment hey get Arnold under control
[Music]
[Laughter]
I deserve
that that's a big gun youve got there
holy
[__] this is destroy tanks yes
holy my goodness brother comrad that is
hold on it has to be mounted hold on it
has to be mounted okay it now I can
shoot it see me look at
this even have
Cam yes you're in the snow right now
this is how this Gun Works you have to
get FL yourself in the snow how do you
see untraceable UNS spot and snow fun
fact is actually insulating if you are
surrounded in it that's why they make IG
you be getting
frostbite
come on go go go come on found your
private panovski we we have we have for
your return noi it is toosi okay you me
runski wovi vasovski
and his name is vski
okayi I think this is the longest I've
been
alive oh you to
watch out sniper would have been funny
sniper move get out of my
way should probably the move tarski it's
not good to stand still in a war it's
terki trovi for the 12th time sorry now
I am stay frosty comrades come on very
very easy to stay frosty in this SN you
don't have to tell me that
tce oh no get down gentlemen careful now
this is the danger zone oh [__] get in
get in the H get in the heart get up get
up get in the H oh no it is not safe the
window is not
safe wild kov wild kovski I cannot
revive that look at W's head right here
you ran for like 30
minutes stay away from zor Teri do not
PE it is not worth it
Teri it is not worth it do that double
kill noi I got the double kill wow that
is enough go home that is a good
KD
don't right side in front Okay do not
die oh [__] from the fence take can
shoot to the fence get away from the
stop dying you're going to give me more
Bloods where is someone searching for
mik who Wants mik Teri do you want m I
hear you calling for me dick push them
they are right side push push push you
stupid [__] medic medic no
oh thank
you oh my
God I'm bringing you back
right never right Garrison 2 here I come
all right I think I've hit my limit to
be honest I just keep dying to nothing
wait let's just spawn and kill a bunch
of bunch of teamate what if we went on a
rampage just murder
teamat I wonder if you can be banned
from the entire
game let's find
out only one way to know for sure
started of V kick on Terrorizer for
cheating kick player no someone started
a vote kick to kick You for Cheating I
got P for an hour the reason is shin
whatever that means in German shumin
there was a vote when I died it said to
kick You for Cheating I said no Evan's
gone
too why are they getting I'm voting to
keep you in the
game oh if it means anything boys I
voted to keep you in I voted
no here's the end of the video like
subscribe and all the good stuff to end